Observing the serious problems presented by the head wound and inadequate respiration, Dr. Carrico directed his attention to improving the President's breathing.
Other evidence of the existence of such a disability is provided by the many other misspellings that appear in Oswald's writings, portions of which are quoted below.
he did not want his landlady to know his real name because she might read in the paper of the fact that he had been in Russia and that he had been questioned, end quote.
the precautions taken for the President's trip were the usual safeguards employed on trips of this kind in the United States during the previous year, end quote.
This was obviated by the frequent sessions of the Central Criminal Court, and the utilization of the two subsidiary prisons in Giltspur Street and Southwark.
He had made only a few brief visits to the State since the nineteen sixty Presidential campaign and in nineteen sixty-two he began to consider a formal visit.
The two agents on the rear of the running boards were to advance toward the front of the President's car whenever it stopped or slowed down sufficiently for them to do so.
Although the record indicates that Brennan was an accurate observer, he declined to make a positive identification of Oswald when he first saw him in the police lineup.
the Commission had occasion to become informed, to a limited extent, about the data processing techniques of other Federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies.
and was surprised when the inspectors proved to him that practices of which he was ignorant, and which he admitted that he reprehended, went on without hindrance.
and that they had been married in Fort Worth and lived there until coming to New Orleans. He had told the New Orleans arresting officers that he had been born in Cuba.
His activities for the Fair Play for Cuba Committee in New Orleans, we knew, were not of real consequence as he was not connected with any organized activity there.
It was also suggested that it would take a substantial period of time for the Secret Service to build up the experience and skills necessary to meet the problem.
that in the metropolis of this highly-favored country, to which the eyes of other lands turn for example, a system of prison discipline such as that enforced in Newgate
White managed to keep his wrists asunder, and continued to struggle with the officials for some time. Eventually he was pinioned with a cord in the usual manner.
Marina Oswald's testimony indicates that her husband was not particularly concerned about his continued possession of the most incriminating sort of evidence.
This study has led the Commission to conclude that the public interest might be served by any contribution it can make to the improvement of protective arrangements.
The Commission further recommends that the Secret Service coordinate its planning as closely as possible with all of the Federal agencies from which it receives information.
and kept the Black Lion in Vinegar Yard, Drury Lane, where secretly he did business as one of the most daring and successful fencers ever known in the metropolis.
It was decided that the Vice President should return on the Presidential plane rather than on the Vice-Presidential plane because it had better communication equipment.
Stating that he had used his "position" with what he claimed to be the local branch of the Fair Play for Cuba Committee to, quote, foster communist ideals, end quote,
Nowhere during the course of this investigation or the information that came to us from other agencies was there any indication of a potential for violence on his part.
and his connection with them is confirmed by that devotion and generosity towards their paramours in adversity for which these otherwise degraded women are remarkable.
In many prisons the prisoners were still associated, and, from the want of a sufficient number of cells, the principle of separation was still greatly neglected.
both in controlling his subordinates and in protecting the prisoners from petty tyranny and oppression, every one of whom he was to see once every twenty-four hours.
Brewer said, quote, He just looked funny to me. His hair was sort of messed up and looked like he had been running, and he looked scared, and he looked funny, end quote.
He did not think Oswald looked like the, quote, type, end quote, that he would have expected to find associating with a group such as the Fair Play for Cuba Committee.
Many of the people with whom the Oswalds became acquainted after their arrival in the United States thought that Marina Oswald had married her husband primarily in the hope
The Commission urges that the Bureau of the Budget review these recommendations with the Secret Service and authorize a request for the necessary supplemental appropriation,
As a political leader, the President wished to resolve the factional controversy within the Democratic Party in Texas before the election of nineteen sixty-four.
he saw nothing of importance, quote, except maybe one individual who was up there in the corner room of the sixth floor which was crowded in among boxes, end quote.
Oswald must have already learned that the Governor could not help him with his discharge because he was no longer Secretary of the Navy, at the time he made that remark.
The foremost assignment of the Committee would be to insure that the maximum resources of the Federal Government are fully engaged in the job of protecting the President,
It is understandable, however, for Brennan to have believed that the man with the rifle was standing. A photograph of the building taken seconds after the assassination
As she waited on the northwest corner of the intersection for traffic to pass, she noticed a young man as he was, quote, almost ready to get up on the curb, end quote.
started expounding the Communist doctrine and saying that he was highly interested in communism, that communism was the only way of life for the worker, et cetera,
He led them into discussions of foreign affairs about which they often knew less than he did, since he had apparently devoted considerable time to a study of such matters.
Oswald demonstrated his thinking in connection with his return to the United States by preparing two sets of identical questions of the type which he might have thought
But on the gallows, when the cap was over his eyes and the rope had been adjusted round his neck, and within a second of the moment when he would be launched into eternity,
Accordingly, it was important to determine the luncheon site as quickly as possible, so that security could be established at the site and the motorcade route selected.
the great architectural experiment which grew out of the strong representations of Jeremy Bentham and others, and was the first national recognition of the principle
prefers that description which are expressly prepared for his own class, and which abound in vulgar adventure in criminal enterprise, and in the histories of the police,
Despite the protests of these officials, the casket was wheeled out of the hospital, placed in an ambulance, and transported to the airport shortly after two p.m.
One of the moving spirits was the Honorable H. G. Bennet, M.P., whose vigorous protests against the lamentable condition of Newgate have already been recorded.
The prisoner who used the knife was secured, but it was the wardsman, and not the officers, to whom the report was made, and no official inquiry or punishment followed.
The prison officials appear to be on the side of the inspectors, to the great dissatisfaction of the corporation, who claimed the full allegiance and support of its servants.
This route, eventually selected for the motorcade from the airport to the Trade Mart, measured ten miles and could be driven easily within the allotted forty-five minutes.
Both Dallas papers cited White House sources on September twenty-six as confirming the President's intention to visit Texas on November twenty-one and twenty-two,
that the bag which Oswald was carrying was approximately twenty-seven or twenty-eight inches long, whereas the wooden stock of the rifle, which is its largest component,
When President and Mrs. Kennedy shook hands with members of the public along the fences surrounding the reception area, they were closely guarded by Secret Service agents
The brutal callousness of the bulk of the inmates of the press-yard may be gathered from the prison punishment-book, which frequently recorded such entries as the following:
Mr. Buxton had already been associated with Mrs. Fry in the Newgate visitation, and his attention had thus been drawn to the neglected state of English prisons.
is essential. This would help to eliminate varying interpretations of Secret Service instructions by different local law enforcement representatives. For example,
and not the least of the good services rendered by the new inspectors was their inquiry into the status of these unfortunate people, and their recommendation to improve it.
He stated, however, that while he, quote, found no differences, end quote, between the rifles in the two photographs, he could not make a, quote, positive identification
the main reason he was going over there that Thursday afternoon when he was to bring back some curtain rods, so I didn't think any more about it when he told me that, end quote,
hundreds of women and children came in every morning to spend the day there, and there was no limitation whatever to the numbers of visitors admitted to the debtors' side.
and in the seeds which it produces are exactly equivalent to the weights of the same elements which have disappeared from the materials supplied to the bean during its growth.
The Commission has considered the possibility that the cartons might have been moved in connection with the work that was being performed on the sixth floor on November twenty-two.
I shall not hesitate to ask Parliament for powers to compel them to make the necessary alterations, for it is not to be endured that these local jurisdictions should remain
I think you could sit down and argue with him for a number of years, and I don't think you could have changed his mind on that unless you knew why he believed it in the first place.
Enough has probably been extracted from this most damnatory report to give a complete picture of the disgraceful state in which Newgate still remained in eighteen thirty-five.
Hosty testified that he would not have cited him to the Secret Service as a potential threat to the President. Hosty interpreted his instructions as requiring, quote,
In the preceding chapter I have been tempted by the importance of the general question to give it prominence and precedence over the particular branch of which I am treating.
but as the plan was "confessedly experimental, for the benefit of the country generally, the amount for which the city should be responsible should be distinctly limited
fingerprint expert with the New York City Police Department, conducted an independent examination and also determined that this was the right palmprint of Oswald.
As the motorcade started its descent down Elm Street., Altgens snapped a picture of the Presidential limousine with the entrance to the Depository Building in the background.
But when I got pretty close to five hundred block at Neches and North Beckley which is the five hundred block, he said, "This will do fine," and I pulled over to the curb right there.
that he had owned a weapon and did a good deal of hunting or use of it, perhaps in Russia, plus a number of items about his disposition and unreliability of character,
PRS required a more direct indication of a threat to the President, and that there was no such indication until the President's scheduled visit to that area became known.
He said that he could see the man from the middle of his chest to the top of his head, and that as he was facing the window the man was in the lower right-hand portion of the window
they might have heard a snapping noise resulting from the police officer grabbing the cylinder of the revolver and pulling it away from Oswald while he was attempting to pull the trigger.
These pungent and well-grounded strictures applied with still greater force to the unconvicted prisoner, the man who came to the prison innocent, and still uncontaminated,
Brennan described the man in similar terms, except that he gave the weight as between one hundred sixty-five and one hundred seventy-five pounds and the height was omitted.
The Commission's review of the provisions for Presidential protection at the time of President Kennedy's trip to Dallas demonstrates the need for substantial improvements.
Although there were critical editorials and letters to the editors, the news stories reflected the desire of Dallas officials to welcome the President with dignity and courtesy.
The "Rolling Readers" cartons, however, had not been moved by the floor layers and had apparently been taken to the window from their regular position for some particular purpose.
and when the first municipal authority of our land will be no longer subjected to the reproach of fostering an institution which outrages the rights and feelings of humanity,
Moreover, he looked forward to the public appearances which he personally enjoyed. The basic decision on the November trip to Texas was made at a meeting of President Kennedy,
The agents on the front of the running boards had directions to move immediately to positions just to the rear of the President and Mrs. Kennedy when the President's car slowed
Since the vestibule door is only a few feet from the lunchroom door, the man must have entered the vestibule only a second or two before Baker arrived at the top of the stairwell.
they state that they are compelled by an imperative sense of duty to advert in terms of decided condemnation to the lamentable condition of the prisons of the city of London,
Truly said of Oswald: quote, He didn't seem to be excited or overly afraid or anything. He might have been a bit startled, like I might have been if somebody confronted me.
Concern that the Vice President might also be a target for assassination prompted the Secret Service agents to urge him to leave the hospital and return to Washington immediately.
and that he had again and again protested against the obstacles thrown in his way, the inspectors "cannot forbear expressing their opinion that he might have shown greater perseverance,
Report of the President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy. The Warren Commission Report. By The President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.
